all right good morning afternoon and or
evening everybody and welcome to the
ipfs documentation and developer UX
working a group weekly sync thank you
for joining us if you would like more
information or if you'd like to follow
along in the notes everything you need
to get started is at the is at the
readme model on our github repo at
github comm slash ipfs slash docs we use
this meet a meeting as a way to check in
with our ok ours and so as such we will
actually be going through those in the
document that i'm sharing on my screen
one by one
johnny i am going to wait for you at the
end since you are still typing but
basically we are starting in our
priority for the rest of the quarter is
the beta launch of the new documentation
site it is being tracked in the
milestone that you see alert on the
first bullet point of the notes document
that's all the work it is remaining many
of those issues are listed as their own
recurring items in this agenda because
they are their own okay
ours but the rest of them are in the
following set of notes Johnny I'll wait
for you I'll put put yours till the end
let's see so I call out links between
the legacy and the beta pages just the
item I've got highlighted at the moment
there are a lot of items that you're
gonna see here that are labeled as
nearly done but a little bit derailed
due to illness on christenings part you
know this does sort of highlight an
issue that we've got in that in terms of
development
he is our single point of execution and
so we are leaning on him really heavily
right now and really scheduling and
synchronizing his workload in a way that
doesn't block the rest of the team has
been a little bit difficult but very
important he is nearly done with
implementing those call-out links
between the legacy and the beta pages I
took her
the links on the legacy site last week
so those are ready to go all we need to
do is merge the PR the beauty agents
were a little bit more complex so he is
rolling that into a PR that includes a
couple of the items below dinner with
the content sub pages for content that
does not exist yet act you want to talk
about it sounds like you YouTube were
the last sub conversation yeah in a
nutshell oh I see it I duplicated this
on there because it's because it was
related to the changes that we've made a
related to the testing and so I just put
it down there with testing but I can't
Coco you know Occam's razor is really
the rule of thumb here the simplest
approach I think is going to be the the
best especially when we're talking about
a page that is at its core a frustration
page you know a page I don't want to see
I want to see the content and so I don't
want to invest a lot of mental effort in
absorbing whatever you have there that
isn't the content and so we're just
we're making it super simple and I don't
know if you want to link and show it but
just taking away to the granny for now
at least the granular okay here's the
progress of this content and taking away
the the thumbnails of content that is on
other sites and just going with a little
bare bones like down the bottom other
resources to try that text only approach
is what we're going to use there and
then a simple binary hate do you really
care about this content yes or not
really and people interact yes they're
that allow us to prioritize developing
that material we also have a link for
each of the I believe it's eight pages
that are gonna have this content sub
temporarily until we finish the content
on them we do have a spreadsheet here
with the related links all ready to go
so it's just a matter of Chris sticking
them in there or once he's got the
template
I can toss those in there pretty easily
so that's awesome that is nearly done
SEO meta tags this issue involves us
getting into place of very very basic
SEO meta content and ideally a social
media link card in each of the content
pages in the docs Vita I did some
investigation last week into exactly how
this works was repressed about matter
it's fairly straightforward
Araki were gonna make a social card and
I was just gonna get that SEO meta data
suck in there this week bare-bones CSS
edits are just defining the bare minimum
as the word implies there that we can
apply toward the like out-of-the-box
view press seem to just to make the
design as user-friendly as possible you
know we have a lot of content on the
left side for example and we want to
make sure that visually it's it's
scannable that you can that you can
quickly find what you're looking for and
you know from a accessibility standpoint
that the colors are of sufficient
contrast you know we've got some pretty
light greens in there right now for
example that don't quite meet you know
that the people with with visibility
issues might not be able to read so just
trying to I'm just gonna go through and
make a quick pass starting with the
sketch file that I have which is maybe a
little bit more you know trimming away
from that although that that isn't super
super visual and super crazy anyway but
with an eye to getting you know not
letting the better be the enemy of the
good
getting something out there as quickly
as possible and then I may try and
actually dive in and do some of those
edits myself in order to lift the load
um Chris cool and I can also I can also
do some of the implementation if that
proves to be helpful and Johnny I think
he sort of ball
it ended up being crunch time for that
too yeah I don't know how my back-end
development skills are gonna be useful
here but I won't do my best to not doing
mine styles or anything important tags
are really good so we should and I know
how much you love CSS cool cool I the
communications plan I actually addressed
all of the content here before the
holiday rest after the content comments
on that content totally welcome since
those are written and probably reflect
my own voice to certain extent but we
have an entire communications plan laid
out here there are some highlights for
some things that are not yet ready
mm-hmm
but are or just URLs obviously things
won't happen until we start posting you
know I can't link to read it until we
actually post about it we have all of
that queued up and ready to go including
the timeline and the core messaging in
the calls to action so that is good I'm
also hoping that we can use that as sort
of a working template for a variety of
other communications efforts going
forward I'm just good it is a rather
rather lengthy document and if you've
never done one of these before
this may serve as a useful template for
when it is your turn to do them so that
is all ready for the next stage of
implementation if we at lunch on time
our next stage of implementation would
be the 9th of December when I start
putting together like I'll throw the
blog post in the blog repo for
circulation and approval that sort of
thing
let's hold off on talking about the ipfs
hosting stuff because that's probably
going to turn into some conversation and
I want to make sure that we address
everything else Johnny you want to talk
about your age to work
yeah just pretty quickly so we updated a
bunch of the headers just so that the
the basic search function that we have
just works a bit better so with the P
the things that people are actually
searching for are so much of what the
headers that we have so this involve
like adding removing and updating some
of them and so me and Jessica take
another look at them and it seems to
work from our end the next thing we need
to do is just kind of reach out to some
extent on people maybe outside of
as per Jericho internally or whatever
just to kind of go through and be like
hey if you search for something you were
able to find what you're looking for is
it better essentially do you have time
this week to try to do like a 20-minute
zoom call with the two folks from two
three folks from our internal testing
who really struggled with that the most
I think Lydell was one of them does
anybody else remember and should Eric
I'm sure they're in Eric's notes but I
would I would try to grab 20 minutes
with Lydell Eric can you think of
anybody else who was struggling with the
search you Johnny want to talk to
[Music]
Victoria had a bit of an issue so I
reach out so she's not busy
and then Hugo didn't actually get to sit
down but he did have some was to bring
up about the search so I mean I just
reach out to anyone who's yeah I think
yeah I think Victoria Lytle and Hugo
would be a great fit in terms of
mobilization of outside folks I agree
that would be super great I'm a little
bit reluctant to engaged with some of
the outside hooks on something at that
level of detail
I don't know Eric do you have thoughts
on parallel processing which are you on
talking about Johnny's work with the h2s
he went just to make sure that they
render better in the search keyword wise
I think in this situation we're probably
okay at this stage with internal testing
particularly since after lunch we're
thinking about you know we do intend to
investigate deeper full-text search
without goal yeah um do you are
completely yeah the basic issue with the
search is that it doesn't do fuzzy well
you know and that's a fear yeah Johnny
did a lot to trim down or edit the h2 so
that they're a little bit cleaner and a
little more focused on keyword search so
I think that's gonna go a long way um at
least for now yeah yeah see we did see
people you know you learn what the
search bought to us very quickly you
know that's okay you basically
shortening down pin you know he ride
bicycles
yeah cool yeah I just want to make sure
nobody's like super struggling so yeah
Johnny if you are alright with having a
quick chat with like two or three people
this week and then it's on that we can
close out the issue yeah okay continuing
on the legacy Docs deprecation plan I
know we've all sort of had off-the-cuff
discussions on this and we've
accumulated some notes I'm gonna start
assembling those collected notes this
week after I get the SEO meta tag stuff
done
Johnny you said you would offer to
review this since you've deprecated the
site in the past anybody else wanna play
along I know close the fun yes I know
Chris had some thoughts as well so I
think if Johnny and I can put together a
list for Chris's review really this is
just about getting our heads in the
right place with an initial plan that
will then presumably enact in key one so
not that big of a deal I just want to
make sure it gets done in time awesome
metrics definitions laughter you wanna
wanna chat about that time yes so we
just kind of list it out on the github
issue that length just a sense of those
these two sections of metrics that we're
gonna copy so there's need a nice so
there's need so we definitely need so
cool you're open to an officer I
remember what they are here we go yeah
so like location native language of the
user this would be super useful in our
localization plan of our office trying
to figure out what's going on there how
they got there so that's like really
useful in terms of you know did to come
from Google was a direct link of
something like that or you know did they
just happen to type in the exact you
know phrase they needed to get and then
which pages they weren't on how long
this did on this baby stuff like that
that is pretty much the need then
there's nice to have things or like how
long sorry the low time they were on
each page so how long it took to mode so
that would be really useful in terms of
like is ipfs doing what we needed to do
in like a fast enough time then there's
like those four other things are like
free to visit stuff like that I want to
sync up with Chris just to make sure
that the the top five things that we
have in need are in fact doable I'd not
sure what kind of analytics tools were
using
it really kind of depends on that yeah
and he did wake up the the present at
least launched will be using GA and he
did set up a GA profile specifically for
this site on Thursday Friday so so I
know this is in progress which is
awesome gourgeist was sick as a dog I
did also add this other question about I
know that we've got specific metrics
sitting on the helpful and not helpful
buttons and the legacy site that I to my
recollection those are the only that's
the only sort of specific analytics
trail that we've got sitting on the site
right now so my other question was just
is is that indeed the only thing that we
specifically wanted to build an analog
for I mean yeah if we've still got
apostate suffering might as well just
make sense to carry on collecting that
data especially it's like that sounds
like it's gonna be useful things out for
that in need yeah and it's also been
it's also been explicitly helpful over
the last two months to identify on yeah
we had some allies were just clicking
not helpful and I'm surfacing any other
info and that did gave us some pointers
for things to look at so possible
awesome awesome and then the underneath
that the beta site is this helpful
feedback mechanism that is getting
implemented by Chris right now
last I heard on Friday he said he was
nearly done but was not quite there yet
so all of these are sort of you know
it's a it's a big handful of minor tasks
but they're things that are really kind
of work unfortunately he's a dependency
on this one
usability testing Eric you when I talk
through this July I yes a usability
testing and we're able to get in on site
internal on site face to face just a
brilliant group of brilliant people who
are super engaged in this content and
we're very excited to dive in and you
know the number one feedback point that
we had from everyone is oh my god this
is amazing
it wouldn't change a thing okay pressed
a little gesture to and yeah and I tried
to the other day I distill from all of
the many gems distill some of the
actions that we might want to that we
might want to take you know things like
you know borrowing from how cool pro
school is how they have a little sandbox
where you can try out code and maybe you
know maybe even having like a spun up
instance of ipfs there I mean it's it's
you know certainly if you're doing ipfs
you need to you need to have something
running on you need to set up nodes on
your machine but if I just want to see
something you know an example of of
pinning or whatever um just like
emulation is gonna tell me you know a
lot of what I need know you know if I'm
trying to just understand a basic
concept and so just little tips like
that you know that kind of thing really
that kind of feedback is it's kind of
less about usability and more about just
a really neat feature idea from that can
only come from someone who really
understands the space and so it was
really great to get that kind of
feedback but we had a really wide range
of folks including people who have never
not used my kfs but yes we have honestly
haven't a chance to to see whether
people have what people's reaction is to
these ideas because there is there's
some implications like for maybe a tweak
to a label or two but yeah hopefully
this gives us a jumping-off point that
we can use yeah this was extremely
interesting implement immediately yes
yeah Molly have a good point
yes I guess I didn't resonate um you can
get yeah like like 90% of the way there
so we were actually
actually been talking to Alex about sort
of a good mix of actually using
in-browser ipfs and then also for some
of the more complex things cheating it a
little bit with the straight-up emulator
that was just pretending to be ipfs in
the terminal that was at least respond
with the right error codes that turns
into a bigger you know that turns into
sort of a bigger test it's a really
interesting one I think that we all sort
of like when that was brought up is like
oh that's a really interesting look
around and we all kind of lit up on that
so watch that space actually Eric I'll
go through I'll go through your test
plan summary and add a couple of issues
based on stuff like that that we can at
least get in the ice box so we don't
forget about them
sweet sweet okay realize we're starting
to run out of time
content improvement to be completely
honest we are pausing on content
improvement that's been hanging out in
our Rico until after the beta launch
unless something really dire comes up or
unless something from a contributor
comes up particularly because I know we
closed more than 20 issues in the
quarter to date which is pretty great we
don't want to rest on our laurels what
we do have a lot of other stuff to do
right now I picked three C content close
reading this one's yours Johnny yeah
pretty much what it says finished close
reading so those always understand even
what's going on at the docks now Rover
pull which is on the github issue and
then raised a bunch of issues based off
that report so like things we need to
update stuff that needs to go though I
linked in the work oh it did work it's
because it's closed
I'll link directly to I'll link directly
to the yeah cool ah yeah here is the
super exciting long report go through it
if you want don't go through it if you
don't so a link to a video there's a oh
cool you published the video nice cool
another that's the well couldn't see how
I talk too fast okay close it's great
and here are all of the issues you
opened as a result cool real quick to
and then show you what I was talking
about produce cool oh yeah so
what I've been working on is mostly a
continuation of what I worked on last
week so I've been going through possible
alternative platforms where we can host
protocol content we haven't found any
really potential candidate for that but
it's it's it's a search in progress to
find one other man that I've been go
ahead o is the it's just really just
actually exploratory work are you
intending to find you're sort of you may
or may not find it's mostly exploratory
because the requirements we have we may
not find any platform that matches all
the requirements other than that I've
been going through elective courses and
seeing if some of the content is
relevant to to put it either improve or
create new tutorials for its protocol
awesome so we have one other issue to
check through I'm also just going to
bring us to the milestone this is all of
the things that we have triage just
being absolutely necessary to do before
this bare-bones meal lunch you will
notice that there is a lot of dependency
on Chris as our sole full stack
developer on the team and they saw the
fact that we many of us were travelling
to meet up in person we had many of us
on holidays and then oddly enough as a
result of the in-person meeting like a
disproportionate number of us got
extremely sick including unfortunately
Chris you know this sort of leaves us we
are we are definitely in a time crunch
the good news is that we have exactly
laid out all of the things that we need
to do in order to release whether we
release on the seventeenth was
originally intended is still a little
bit up in the air
due to the fact that the issue of the
issue of hosting the beta on IP FS is
something that lives entirely within
Chris's Court and that all of the other
items that live within Chris's Court are
very heavy on the cross team interaction
and cross team usefulness we have been
hitting and also and also frankly due to
the fact that this is a pretty intensive
task for Chris he will benefit from
having the time and space to devote to
that without a whole lot of internal
interruptions so at the moment to be
completely honest we are hitting these
other options first that does mean that
we would we would almost certainly
unless any more of us get sick he left
in the position where on the 17th we
have all of these but hosting beta on
ipfs done so that leaves us with two
possible options one is we hold off
until we get that taken care of the
other is that we expose the links to the
site as is temporarily and this is this
is a call that I think really backs
above all of our levels of authority
within the working group so that's a
decision that's going to have to be made
by others we have as a working group
given thought to the idea of allowing
people to use the site so that we can
gather metrics so that we can continue
to do our work so that we can give Chris
and any external internal and external
fix that he needs time to do this
correctly this did service after a very
long discussion at our in-person meeting
a couple of weeks ago about really just
the ideas of the difficulties of hosting
a lot of web apps using very common
frameworks and stacks on IP FS and that
being a larger issue
we did have some uncommon that a lot of
really interesting and useful stuff came
out particularly the idea like a very
bare-bones implementation for a simple
site hosting mechanism
that would actually be a built directly
into ipfs desktop and the response to
that was like amazing like ridiculously
amazingly positive among all of the
folks in our intern in person meeting
which suggested that you know this is a
this is a large issue you know we're all
aware that this is this is a pretty
substantial issue yeah we dog food
whenever we possibly can but if the dog
food is not very good and we need to
make the dog food better to make things
better for everybody so you know this is
a decision that is gonna have to be made
by others I do propose if we do decide
to temporarily just find us if we
temporarily launch using our existing
mechanism that we've been developing on
you know we had to have built into the
communications plan some pretty
straightforward means for addressing
this this is exactly it you know if we
want to build the dock site we wanted to
see in the world we needed to solve some
hitches in deploying the site using NTFS
and that those issues have been pain
points to a lot of other developers in
common tool sets to build web apps and
we are working on the best means of
addressing this but we don't want to
make books wait for improved
documentation in the meantime and we
also want to give folks as much time as
possible to give feedback on the new
site so that is where we're at in a
moment it's a little bit of a difficult
decision and I look forward to the
consideration of those who can make this
decisions Molly is there a plan written
down somewhere of the approach we're
taking for getting this moved over ty
DFS I saw the issue the tracking issue
but it doesn't have kind of stages or
steps there's a lot of different
potential pathways to do this some that
are real hard and some that are exactly
what we've done for Hugo and other sites
like where we write the plug-in needed
to make it work which is also super
useful for everyone else who's using
yeah yeah yeah and the short answer to
that is no it is not in the issue
because it was stuff that Chris was
working on like literally as he was
getting on the plane to come hang out
with us but we have had a discussion
about that
um the most straightforward solution is
probably going to be the one that we
take because that would that would
increase the time that we've got
available to do something really cool
like build some basic functionality
inside EFS desktop so yeah it's it's
it's a reasonably quick solution however
he was very he thrust a good deal of
uncertainty and the timeframe needed to
test it and so therefore didn't want to
make like a super firm commitment it was
like yeah we've done similar for Hugo
and the like but this there there are
some areas of this where it's a little
bit of uncharted territory um I wish I
could be more specific about that to be
honest I don't remember exactly what
those were um you know he's thinking you
know like super back and the envelope is
like this is a couple of weeks exercise
and you know I as a as a user experience
person and I think the rest of the team
and I had a pretty pretty lengthy
discussion on this I believe I'm
speaking on behalf of the rest of team
um everybody else feels her to smack me
on the head metaphorically and zoom
whatever that takes where we where we
were we were prepared to launch with
what we've got right now for the sake of
being able to get a couple of weeks of
user feedback of user testing in there
it's also really a commitment to
transparency to say we're aware of these
issues are more working on ameliorating
them as best we can we feel your pain
too I just realize I'm late to my other
meetings actually I did jump up real
fast but um I we have very strong
feedback on this all the way from on
clear on exactly what we need in order
to communicate this out more more
publicly and so a question on my mind is
cool there's all these other things that
are also planning pick up Chris's time
are there other folks who can jump in
and help out with some of those tasks
that'll allow Chris to focus you know I
don't know if you had that some
front-end bandwidth that maybe we can
pull over to the most important things
this is why we prioritize and make sure
that we can put our our would behind the
important arrows but that might be super
useful if yes you can help us COBOL yeah
and it may be to be completely honest a
lot of that stuff that's like so far in
stream that
it's basically crisp wrapping up work on
a couple of things so it may not like
like handing that work over to somebody
else at this point may not be the most
productivity of his time I will ask him
again about that obviously and but
really suppose at this point the the
biggest thing you know obviously we're
all gonna combine on anything we can do
to take Chris's workload off those items
he's got open but I think my biggest
question for you and Molly is policeman
over you know what this means visiting
our deadline whether we're willing to
sort of have this two-month interim
period as an example of you know really
just very straightforward transparency
while also still giving us the
opportunities or test if that's not the
case then then will delay launch until
we get this done you know that does give
us the opportunity to tweak a few more
things but it does mean that we're
lacking some user testing the
communications plan we're ready to pull
the trigger on the weeks notice on the
comms plan whenever you know whenever
that weeks notice exists you know
obviously we're all very keen on meeting
our deadlines this is our way of meeting
our self-imposed deadline if that's not
a possibility that's not a possibility
um so I will leave that in your head to
spin around you and or anybody else
making a decision on that you know we're
not we're not waiting to hear on a
decision on that you know we're just
gonna keep ticking along the way that we
take a lot I'm good yeah I think I'm top
level is like I've got an extremely
clear feedback on this which is we
cannot do a public launch of a dock site
that's replacing our existing dock site
which is on my PFS
that's something that's not my PFS so I
I have really clear like black and white
and guidance on this and want to make
sure that's clear to everyone else here
so we don't spend a lot of time pushing
for it on something that's long option
we can of course keep pushing we will we
will launch on ipfs it's just a matter
of whether we wanted a several week
stopgap in order to give folks a chance
to actually play with the thing I mean
it's it's extremely beta and so that was
sort of that that was what we were we
were sort of leaning on is like all
right this is this is in parallel with
the existing site it's definitely in
development
you know it so it's it's a little bit
different than a straightforward public
launch but yeah I guess our request to
you would be to you know having a just
have one more thing see if there's any
point having a parent lunch if there's
not let's let's get that on on paper
preferably in the in the issue itself if
you don't mind which espera for like a
plan
they've listened there but I asked for a
plan on that I think that'd be useful to
first understand like actually what the
timelines are but I can add in there
exactly what our very strong
requirements are Bitcoin again all the
way from hon like strong requirement
sure sure um and I think you know to
answer your question about a timeline
yeah we're still there's still a fair
amount of uncertainty and that with the
test phase the actual building of it is
a little bit more certain but testing
still pretty much up in the air so say
yeah I'm sure Chris has seen your
comment um I will check in with him as
well but I think you know this doesn't
keep us from the pace at which we're
plugging away we just might be a little
bit delight awesome does anybody else
have any questions I apologize for
running running over but I think we are
good all right I'm gonna go ahead and
stop the recording those of you out in
internet land thank you so much for your
time and your consideration with a pro
to see you next week same time same
place